Add docs about KV metadata (#828)
cloudflare/workers-docs: workers-docs/src/content/reference/apis/kv.md

Wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key) or [via the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair).

## Metadata

> You may want to associate some metadata with a key-value pair. To do this, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate some metadata with a key-value pair
```

> can set `metadata` to any arbitrary object (must serialize to JSON) in the put

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
set `metadata` to any arbitrary object (must serialize to JSON) in the put
```

> options object on a `put` call. You would run the following to add associated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options object on a `put` call. Usage in Worker script:
```

> metadata on a call to `put`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
